Update complete application tutorial (#569)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/step_03/step_03.md

> The full code is available
<a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>.

# Scenario

- Taipy efficiently manages the execution of your functions/pipelines.

- Taipy manages data sources and monitors KPIs.

- Taipy provides an easy management of multiple pipelines and end-user scenarios which comes in handy in the context of Machine Learning or Mathematical optimization.

To apprehend what is a _Scenario_, you need to understand the _Data node_ and _Task_ concepts.

## Configuration [Basics](../../../../manuals/core/index.md)

- [**Data Nodes**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/data-node.md): are the translation of variables in 

>   Taipy. Data Nodes don't contain the data itself but point to the data and know how to retrieve it. These Data Nodes can point to different types of data sources like CSV files, Pickle files, databases, etc., 

Reviewer: Cut the line:
```suggestion
  Taipy. Data Nodes don't contain the data itself but point to the data and know how to retrieve
  it. These Data Nodes can point to different types of data sources like CSV files, Pickle
  files, databases, etc., 
```

> The full code is available
<a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>.

# Scenario

- Taipy efficiently manages the execution of your functions/pipelines.

- Taipy manages data sources and monitors KPIs.

- Taipy provides an easy management of multiple pipelines and end-user scenarios which comes in handy in the context of Machine Learning or Mathematical optimization.

To apprehend what is a _Scenario_, you need to understand the _Data node_ and _Task_ concepts.

## Configuration [Basics](../../../../manuals/core/index.md)

- [**Data Nodes**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/data-node.md): are the translation of variables in 
  Taipy. Data Nodes don't contain the data itself but point to the data and know how to retrieve it. Data Nodes can point to various data source types, 

>   (CSV files, Pickle files, databases, etc.) and can represent any Python variable (integer, string, data frames, lists, etc.). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Taipy. Data Nodes don't contain the data itself but point to the data and know how to retrieve it. 
  These Data Nodes can point to different types of data sources like CSV files, Pickle files, databases, etc., 
  and they can represent various types of Python variables such as integers, strings, data frames, lists, and more. 
```

	execution flow. End-Users very often require modifying  
  various parameters to reflect different business situations. Taipy provide the 
  framework to play/execute scenarios under different situations (i.e. various 
  data/parameters values set by end-users).

## Data Nodes Configuration

During Data Node configuration, the developer specifies the type or format of each Data Node, along with its scope.

Parameters for Data Node configuration:

- Storage Type: Specifies the storage type for the Data Node, e.g., CSV file, Pickle file, etc. The initial dataset, for example, is a CSV file with storage_type="csv".

- Scope: Defines the scope of the Data Node. There are three types of scope in the code: Global, Cycle, and Scenario scope.

1- `Scope.SCENARIO` (default): Having one data node for each scenario.

2- `Scope.CYCLE`: Extend the scope by sharing data nodes across all scenarios of a given cycle.

3- `Scope.GLOBAL`: Finally, extend the scope globally (across all scenarios of all cycles). For example, the initial/historical dataset is usually shared by all the scenarios/pipelines/cycles. It is unique in the entire application.

> In an ML context, it is common to have numerous training and testing models.  In this tutorial, we configure a scenario that predict on a given **day** 
> the values for the following days using two models: a baseline and a ML 
> model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a Machine Learning context, it's typical to have multiple training and testing models. In this tutorial, 
we set up a scenario where we predict the values for the upcoming days based on a specific **day**, 
using two models: a baseline model and a Machine Learning model.
```

- Retrieval of the initial dataset,

- Data Cleaning,

- Predictions (for *number of predictions*) from **day** onwards. In our example, predictions represents the number 
of items sold in a given store on a 15-min basis.

- Creation of metrics and of a dataset for visualization.

The graph below represents the scenario to configure, where tasks are in orange and data nodes in blue.

![Configuration](config_toml.png){ width=300 style="margin:auto;display:block" }

### Input Data Nodes configuration

> These are the input Data Nodes. They represent the variables in Taipy when a pipeline is executed. Still, first, we 
> have to configure them to create the DAG.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are the input Data Nodes. They stand for the variables in Taipy when a pipeline is run. 
However, initially, we need to set them up to build the DAG.
```

predictions_ml_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="predictions_ml")

full_predictions_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="full_predictions")

metrics_baseline_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="metrics_baseline")
metrics_ml_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="metrics_ml")
```

## Task Configuration

Tasks are the translation of functions in Taipy. Each task has an ID, a function, inputs, and outputs.

### clean_data_task

The first task that you want to create is your `clean_data()` task.
It will take your initial dataset (input Data Node), 
clean it (calling the `clean_data()` function) and generate the cleaned dataset Data Node.
This task will only execute once thanks to the skippability feature of Taipy.

![Clean Data](clean_data.svg){ width=300 style="margin:auto;display:block" }

```python
clean_data_task_cfg = Config.configure_task(id="clean_data",
                                            function=clean_data,
                                            input=initial_dataset_cfg,
                                            output=cleaned_dataset_cfg,
                                            skippable=True)
```

### predict_baseline_task

> This task will take the cleaned dataset and predict it according to your parameters i.e. the three input Data Nodes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This task will use the cleaned dataset and make predictions based on your specified parameters, which are the three input Data Nodes:
```

*Day*, *Number of predictions* and *Max Capacity*.

![Predict Baseline](predict_baseline.svg){ width=300 style="margin:auto;display:block" }

```python
predict_baseline_task_cfg = Config.configure_task(id="predict_baseline",
                                                  function=predict_baseline,
                                                  input=[cleaned_dataset_cfg, n_predictions_cfg, day_cfg, max_capacity_cfg],
                                                  output=predictions_cfg)
```

Other tasks are being configured the same way to get the metrics from the two models and a dataset 
with all the predictions and historical data.

## Scenario configuration

> Now, all these task and Data Nodes configuration can set up a scenario. These tasks creating an execution graph will be executed when a scenario is submitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of these task and Data Node configurations can create a scenario. These tasks that form an execution graph will be executed when a scenario is submitted.
```

> The full code is available
<a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>.

# Scenario

- Taipy efficiently manages the execution of your functions/pipelines.

- Taipy manages data sources and monitors KPIs.

> - Taipy provides an easy management of multiple pipelines and end-user scenarios which comes in handy in the context of Machine Learning or Mathematical optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy provides an easy Scenario management to efficiently:

- manage the execution of your functions/pipelines.

- manage data sources and monitor KPIs.

It comes in handy in the context of Machine Learning or Mathematical optimization.
```

- [**Data Nodes**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/data-node.md): are the translation of variables in 
  Taipy. Data Nodes don't contain the data itself but point to the data and know how to retrieve it. These Data Nodes can point to different types of data sources like CSV files, Pickle files, databases, etc., 
  and they can represent various types of Python variables such as integers, strings, data frames, lists, and more. 

- [**Tasks**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/task.md): are the translation of functions in Taipy where their inputs and outputs are data nodes.

- [**Scenarios**](../../../../manuals/core/concepts/scenario.md): Scenarios are created by combining Data Nodes and Tasks to form a graph that maps the 
	execution flow. End-Users very often require modifying  
  various parameters to reflect different business situations. Taipy provide the 
  framework to play/execute scenarios under different situations (i.e. various 
  data/parameters values set by end-users).

# Configuration Basics

Before creating and runnning our scenarios, we need to configure them properly.

> ## Data Nodes Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Data Nodes
```

1- `Scope.SCENARIO` (default): Having one data node for each scenario.

2- `Scope.CYCLE`: Extend the scope by sharing data nodes across all scenarios of a given cycle.

3- `Scope.GLOBAL`: Finally, extend the scope globally (across all scenarios of all cycles). For example, the initial/historical dataset is usually shared by all the scenarios/pipelines/cycles. It is unique in the entire application.

In a Machine Learning context, it's typical to have multiple training and testing models. In this tutorial, 
we set up a scenario where we predict the values for the upcoming days based on a specific **day**, 
using two models: a baseline model and a Machine Learning model.

- Retrieval of the initial dataset,

- Data Cleaning,

- Predictions (for *number of predictions*) from **day** onwards. In our example, predictions represents the number 
of items sold in a given store on a 15-min basis.

- Creation of metrics and of a dataset for visualization.

The graph below represents the scenario to configure, where tasks are in orange and data nodes in blue.

![Configuration](config_toml.png){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block" }

> ### Input Data Nodes Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Input Data Nodes
```

n_predictions_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="n_predictions", default_data=40)

max_capacity_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="max_capacity", default_data=200)

```

### Intermediate and output Data Nodes

- *cleaned_dataset* is the dataset after cleaning (after the `clean_data()` function).

- *predictions_ml* and *predictions_baseline* are the predictions of the model. They are the output of `predict_baseline()` and `predict_ml()` 
  functions.

- *full_dataset* is the concatenation of the predictions.

- The *metrics* Data Nodes store KPIs about the predictions.

```python
## Remaining Data Nodes
cleaned_dataset_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="cleaned_dataset",
                                                 scope=Scope.GLOBAL) 

predictions_baseline_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="predictions_baseline")
predictions_ml_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="predictions_ml")

full_predictions_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="full_predictions")

metrics_baseline_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="metrics_baseline")
metrics_ml_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="metrics_ml")
```

> ## Task Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Tasks
```

Tasks are the translation of functions in Taipy. Each task has an ID, a function, inputs, and outputs.

> ### clean_data_task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### clean_data task
```

> The first task that you want to create is your `clean_data()` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first task that you want to create is your `clean_data` task.
```

It will take your initial dataset (input Data Node), 
clean it (calling the `clean_data()` function) and generate the cleaned dataset Data Node.
This task will only execute once thanks to the skippability feature of Taipy.

![Clean Data](clean_data.svg){ width=300 style="margin:auto;display:block" }

```python
clean_data_task_cfg = Config.configure_task(id="clean_data",
                                            function=clean_data,
                                            input=initial_dataset_cfg,
                                            output=cleaned_dataset_cfg,
                                            skippable=True)
```

> ### predict_baseline_task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### predict_baseline task
```

This task will use the cleaned dataset and make predictions based on your specified parameters, which are the three input Data Nodes:

*Day*, *Number of predictions* and *Max Capacity*.

![Predict Baseline](predict_baseline.svg){ width=300 style="margin:auto;display:block" }

```python
predict_baseline_task_cfg = Config.configure_task(id="predict_baseline",
                                                  function=predict_baseline,
                                                  input=[cleaned_dataset_cfg, n_predictions_cfg, day_cfg, max_capacity_cfg],
                                                  output=predictions_cfg)
```

> Other tasks are being configured the same way to get the metrics from the two models and a dataset 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other tasks (`predict_ml`, `metrics_baseline`, `metrics_ml`, and `full_prediction`) are
being configured the same way to get the metrics from the two models and a dataset 
```

with all the predictions and historical data.

## Scenario Configuration

All of these task and Data Node configurations can create a scenario. These tasks 
that form an execution graph will be executed when a scenario is submitted.

```python
scenario_cfg = Config.configure_scenario(id="scenario",
                                                    task_configs=[clean_data_task_cfg,
                                                                  predict_baseline_task_cfg,
                                                                  predict_ml_task_cfg,
                                                                  metrics_baseline_task_cfg,
                                                                  metrics_ml_task_cfg,
                                                                  full_predictions_task_cfg],
                                                    frequency=Frequency.WEEKLY)

```

> # Entire code (configuration/config.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Entire code
```

                                            function=create_predictions_dataset,
                                            input=[predictions_baseline_cfg,
                                                   predictions_ml_cfg,
                                                  day_cfg,
                                                  n_predictions_cfg,
                                                  cleaned_dataset_cfg],
                                            output=full_predictions_cfg)

# Configure our scenario which is our business problem.
scenario_cfg = Config.configure_scenario(id="scenario",
                                         task_configs=[clean_data_task_cfg,
                                                       predict_baseline_task_cfg,
                                                       predict_ml_task_cfg,
                                                       metrics_baseline_task_cfg,
                                                       metrics_ml_task_cfg,
                                                       full_predictions_task_cfg],
                                          frequency=Frequency.WEEKLY)

> Config.export('config/config.toml')

Reviewer: What is the export for?
